journalctl: emphasize command line argument in example descriptions (#5913)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/journalctl.md

> Query the systemd journal.

- Show all messages from this [b]oot:

`journalctl -b`

- Show all messages from last [b]oot:

`journalctl -b -1`

> - Show all messages with priority level 3 (errors) from this boot:

Reviewer: Why not here?
```suggestion
- Show all messages with priority level 3 (errors) from this [b]oot:
```

`journalctl -b --priority={{3}}`

> - [F]ollow new messages (like `tail -f` for traditional syslog):

Reviewer: This should keep the same case than the `-f` argument:
```suggestion
- [f]ollow new messages (like `tail -f` for traditional syslog):
```
